# p53mdm2

The files contained in this repository are for the exploration of the p53mdm2 gene regulatory network via DSGRN. It contains data files (Parameter_datasets) of parameters in a given parameter region. These parameters are generated by the associated files found in ParameterCreation. Analysis of DSGRN system relaxed to ODEs for each set of parameters are found in the files formatted as P1___odes.ipynb. <br>

### File naming convention

P1/P2 - indicates the ordering of the p53 thresholds. P1 indicates that the Mc P transport/Mn P threshold is greater than the Mc P threshold and vice versa for P2. <br>

_BW - indicates the location of the black wall (BW). B = bottom; MB = middle bottom; Mback = middle black wall, back unfolding (Mn Mc threshold > Mc Mc threshold); Mfront = middle black wall, front unfolding (Mc Mc threshold > Mn Mc threshold); No = no black wall; TB = top bottom; TMB = top middle bottom <br>

### ParameterCreation files

Mathematica files containing the code necessary to generate parameter samples within a given parameter node. Used to generate the data files in Parameter_datasets. Generates instances of parameters obeying set of inequalities and saves as .csv files.

### P__BWodes.ipynb files

Jupyter notebook files walking through the analysis of sample parameters in a given parameter node. Numerically solves the system of ODEs derived from the DSGRN description of the p53mdm2 network and seeks birythmicity automatically and allows for graphical inspection for the same behavior.
